---
title: E-mail Account Dialog Box
---

# E-mail Account  Dialog Box


Use the **E-mail 
 Account** dialog box to configure your mail server to send e-mails  on the occurrence of any event.


**E-mail  Account Code**
: A unique code is auto-generated by the system for  every mail server that is configured.


**E-mail  Address**
: Enter your e-mail  address in this field. This is the e-mail  address of the person/company sending the mail. The e-mail  address specified in this field is the sender’s address in all mails that  are triggered on the occurrence of events.


**Display Name**
: Enter the information to be displayed in the 'From'  field of the e-mail. The Display Name takes precedence over the E-mail  Address.
: If you leave this field blank, **Everest**  retrieves the information specified in the **E-mail 
 Address** field and displays it in the 'From' field.


{:.example}
The e-mail address entered in the **E-mail 
 Account** dialog box is  stevecase@accel.com  and the display name is Steve Case. When an e-mail is sent from this account,  the 'From' field displays Steve Case. If no display name is defined, the  e-mail address populates this field.


Mail Server Information


**Outgoing SMTP Mail Server**
: Enter the address of your mail server or the mail  server name that you are using to send e-mails.


**Server Port Number**
: Enter the SMTP port number that will be used for  outgoing mails.


**Mail server requires authentication**
: Check this box if authentication is required before  sending e-mails, by entering your account name and password while logging  in to the mail server.


**Account Name**
: Enter the account name with which you want to log  on to the mail server. The account name specified here will be used as  the "FROM" e-mail  address for the e-mail  that is sent.


**Password**
: Enter the password for logging on to the mail server.


**Confirm Password**
: Re-enter the password. Whenever you modify the password,  it should be confirmed to save it.
